HIS
EARLIER TODAY,L'S PRIME
MINISTER BJAMIN NE TROOPGAZA.
QUOTW, I WIL NS TAKING INTO T, I
LIVE OF OUR SOLDIERS.WHETHEOK O
THOSE CONSIDERATIONS IS NL TUNNL
MOSON. T
BLE DANGER AWAITING
ISRAELI TROOPS
ELILES OF THEM,
HIDING THE WD TERRORS  PROPAGAN
DEFEFOE SHOWREINFORCED SUBTEN
GROUND.FSHITZ, SAW D BEFORE S WE
>> Reporr:
PALESTINIAN ISLAMIC HAD HAVE LD
CONCYEARS, CNN
CAPTU N SHOWN THEM  BH THE
GROUPS THSEING OFF THEIR UNDER
THEY SNAKENEATF APONS, ESTIMATEO
NEIGHBORHOODS.
AND THEY'VCOO  AS THE GAZA.DES
PROGRESSION INION, INER TO TROO
THE EVOF A GROUNCUN  GAZA.LI A E
NCING TRPSEV U
AND THE DANGER DOWN T JUSTTHE OO
ISRAELI CIVIS TOO.
STORED
BED
RWE FIRED TOWARD
AVIV AND OTHER CITIES FROM
HIDDEN GUN PCODIRECTLY TO THTUEL
IOISRAEL EXPECTONELS. TO STRIKEK
ABSENTHA SO-CALLED G
D ENDANGER ALIKE.
M RET U EL
MEMEE  ATE DEEP DOWN AND TAKE
SOME OELSION,
THE IDF WEN AND  TO GET RID OF
TUNNELS.
Y SHOWS
TH RHENI
THEY'RE NOT GOING TO BE ABLE
ERADICATALRE
THTRNG TO FACE INAND THCOURSE,
HEAVIN
SEITANT
N THEY TNKY CLEARED A HOUSE OR
ERKS.,
>>O GERSPECTIVE ES THELS MIGHT
PRE  WITH RED
ONEL MON SURE, RMER TOP AID TNE.
SO, I AN'S
T OUT AND ALSO
HAMAS PROPAGDA.
CHALLENGES OF DEIN A
TWW DO DESOYM?HOW DO I?
>>EL PREFERABLY YOU DON'T
FIGH
WN IWO MA,
INSTANCE, E JAPANESE HAD  TUNNE.
THE MANE FIND
THE ENTRCE
HETHER WITEXDOZERS OR FLAMWERS.
AND THEY WOULD ENTE
HIS ISBLBECAUSE INSIDE THOSE
TUF
ESHAHA
TAKEN.
AND OF COURSE YOU WANT TO FR.FIU
ANE DEFEND
SOI DEFENSE FORCESEAINLO
FIGHT INSIDE
N ABOUT THE TUNNEL
EMELY ULT.
>> YES, YOGHT BE ABLE TO PERSIS
FIND THE ENTNC E
THEY SNAKE AROUND , HO
TO TFROMOVER
THE ISRAELIS, AS THEY ADVANCE D
OFFENSIVE ARE IN
LEAVE TROOPS IN THE REAR T THEI
THEY CAN'T ASSUME THAT ONCE
MILITANTS CAN ME UP FROM THE OU.
>> ANDN E URN
ENVIRONMENIK, WITHBRIS
AROUND, I KNY HAVE
URBA?L, IT'S MISNOMERNKSIN
URBAMBS JUST IY
COMBAT.
THE BEST F T URBAN IS
ING VEHICLES.T THEY NEED TO B
ITS .IN THE URBAFORCE ASSETS.E
EXPERIS OR FALIAN POPULATIONH CF
PLACES?
FORCES A IRAS
BEFORE TY  IN.GAVE
THAT WAS AY CLEAYOWI
MOSUIL,
FEWER TN AR
SUALTIES IN THAT TAN
AQ WENT ABOURI
MOSUL REDUCED THOSE
USING SPECIA AND
TARG STRIKES.
IF YOU GO IN WA BIG,VYGROUND IN
DESTRUCTION IN THE PATH OF THE
NC CIVILIANS ARE IN THOSE
BUILDING ATEF THEM A G
DIE.
>> AND S TT TH OF
MORE LIMIT INCURSION WIT
ECL FORCIS THAT SOMETHING
REON
>> THERE'S A ME THREE THE POP?
STAR GALN ISRAELIG NOWO'ECOMMENL
DEFENSE FORCTO.
AKES LONGER.S CA
THE ISRAELI GOVERNME TKE.
HOE WORLD COMMUNITY
IN WITH GROUND FORCES?
CAN EYRS